modified:   c-sharp/math-functions (acos-max-pow) (#2179)
Codecademy/docs: content/c-sharp/concepts/math-functions/terms/acos/acos.md

NaN
1.5707963267949
```

## Codebyte Example

> We use the `Math.Acos` function to calculate the arc cosine of `x`. The result is stored in the `result` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below uses `Math.Acos()`  to calculate the arc cosine of `x`. The result is stored in the `result` variable.
```

Reviewer: In docs we generally try to avoid the use of first and second person pronouns (I, you, we)

Author: ah very good tip thanks! 📝
